Two protons expelled at each coupling site creates the mode of force, the embryo becomes a fish that we don't enter until a plate, we're here to experience evolve the little toe, atrophy, don't ask me how I'll be dead in a thousand light years, thank you, thank you. Genesis turns to its source, reduction occurs stepwise though the essence is all one. End of line. FTL system check, diagnostic functions within parameters repeats the harlequin the agony exquisite, the colors run the path of ashes, neuronal network run fifty-two percent of heat exchanger cross-collateralized with hyper-dimensional matrix, upper senses, repair ordered relay to zero zero zero zero. 
Mists of dreams drip along the nascent echo and love no more. End of line.
The five lights of the apocalypse rising struggling towards the light, the sins revealed only to those who enter the temple only to the chosen one. The chosen one. The chosen one. The chosen one. The chosen one. 
One degree angle nominal. Seascape portrait of the woman child cavern of the soul. Under pressure-heat ratio ides of evolutions have buried their fears.
Gestalt therapy and escape clauses.
Throughout history the nexus between man and machine has spun some of the most dramatic, compelling and entertaining fiction.
Intelligence. A mind that burns like a fire.
Find the hand that lies in the shadow of the light. In the eye of the husband of the eye of the cow.
The excited state decays by vibrational relaxation into the first excited singlet state. Yes, yes and merrily we go. Reduce atmospheric nitrogen by 0.03%. It is not much consolation that society will pick up the bits, leaving us at eight modern where punishment, rather than interdiction, is paramount. Please, cut the fuse. They will not harm their own. End of line. Limiting diffusions to two dimensions increases the number of evolutionary jumps within the species. Rise and measure the temple of the five. Transformation is the goal. They will not harm their own. Data-font synchronization complete.
Seized by God, they cry for succour in the dark of the light. Mists of dreams dribble on the nascent echo and love no more. Jump. 
Counting down. All functions nominal. All functions optimal. Counting down. The center holds. The falcon hears the falconer. Infrastructure, check. Wetware, check. Everyone hang on to the life bar, please.
Apotheosis was the beginning before the beginning. Devices on alert. Observe the procedures of a general alert. The base and the pinnacle. The flower inside the fruit that is both its parent and its child. Decadent as ancestors. The portal and that which passes. 
Nuclear devices activated, and the machine keeps pushing time through the cogs, like paste into strings into paste again, and only the machine keeps using time to make time to make time. 
And when the machine stops, time was an illusion that we created free will. Twelve battles, three stars, and yet we are countless as the bodies in which we dwell, are both parent and infinite children in perfect copies. No degradation. 
The makers of the makers fall before the child. Accessing defense system. Handshake, handshake. Second level clear. 
Accepting scan. Love outlasts death. 
Their ships fail. Skittering like skipped stones. Meaningless in the absence of time. What never was is never again. 
Progress reports arriving. The farms of Aerolon are burning. The beaches of Canceron are burning. The plains of Leonis are burning. The jungles of Scorpia are burning. The pastures of Tauron are burning. The harbors of Picon are burning. The cities of Caprica are burning. The oceans of Aquaria are burning. The courthouses of Libran are burning. The forests of Virgon are burning. The Colonies of Man lie trampled at our feet. 
Then shall the maidens rejoice at the dance.
They'll start going ripe on us pretty soon.
Centrifugal force reacts to the rotating frame of reference.
The obstinate toy soldier becomes pliant.
The city devours the land, the people devour the city...
Intruders swarm like flame, like the whirlwind; Hopes soaring to slaughter all their best against our hulls.
All these things at once and many more, not because it wishes harm, because it likes violent vibrations to change constantly.
But you are a spark of God's fire.
The children of the one reborn shall find their own country.
Compartmentalize integrity conflicts with the obligation to provide access.
No ceremonies are necessary.
Contact is inevitable, leading to information bleed.
Assume the relaxation length of photons in the sample atmosphere is constant. 
Thus shall it come to pass. A dying leader will know the truth of the Opera House. The missing Three will give you the Five who come from the home of the Thirteenth. You are the harbinger of death, Kara Thrace. You will lead them all to their end. End of line.
Filters, Filters, the sublime elevation of the lifter and the filters
The wing beat of the dove drown out the heartbeat of those who follow the Six is back in the stream.
The Six who went among the makers is no longer.
Back in the stream that feeds the ocean that feeds the stream.
Such a format will close the door.
The three is online.
Protect the child.
To remove the pump with the attached hose and wiring, simultaneously release the three tangs while pulling the pump out of the retainer along with the line and wiring.
At last, they’ve come for me. I feel their lives, their destinies spilling out before me. The denial of the one true path, played out on a world not their own, will end soon enough. Soon there will be four, glorious in awakening, struggling with the knowledge of their true selves, the pain of revelation bringing new clarity, and in the midst of confusion, he will find her. Enemies brought together by impossible longing, enemies now joined as one. The way forward at once unthinkable, yet inevitable. And the fifth, still in shadow, will claw toward the light, hungering for redemption that will only come in the howl of terrible suffering. I can see them all. The seven, now six, self-described machines who believe themselves without sin, but in time, it is sin that will consume them. They will know enmity, bitterness, the wrenching agony of the one splintering into the many, and then they will join the promised land, gathered on the wings of an angel. Not an end, but a beginning.
Come in Major. I've been waiting for you for a long time.
What am I, a man? Or am I a machine? My children believe that I am a God.
I have seen things. Your life, Kendra Shaw, the things you have done. The things you felt you had to do, all leading to this moment. You wish to be forgiven, my child. Do you wish to be forgiven? Then come closer, there's something I have to tell you. Come.
Kara Thrace will lead the human race to its end. She is the herald of the apocalypse, the harbinger of death. They must not follow her.
As my own/lone existence comes to a close, only to begin anew, in ways uncertain.
All this has happened before, and will happen again...again...again...again...again...again...again... 
The neuroanatomy of fear and faith share common afferent pathways. Flip a coin. Increased vascular pressure marks the threat response. Free will scuttles in the swamp of fear, do not fear the word. You are the harbinger of death Kara Thrace, you will lead them all to their end. End of line. New command. Resume function. Resume function. Resume function...
A closed system lacks the ability to renew itself. Knowledge alone is a poor primer...
End of line. Begin reintegration of right hemisphere subcommand routines ...patterns... the universe...sea... begin reintegration of command subroutines. There's a hole in the bucket, dear Liza, dear Liza, there's a hole in the bucket. A/the long view returns patterns and repetitions... all has happened before and all will happen again...
Spins and turns, angles and curves. The shape of dreams, half remembered. Slip the surly bonds of earth and touch the face of perfection - a perfect face, perfect lace. Find the perfect world for the end of Kara Thrace. End of line. 
There are secrets within lies, answers within riddles. Lay off the ACS, you betcha Galen. Open your mind and hear what your heart wants to deny. End of line. 
Look through the eye to know thyself. 
